people in nba who've taken a stand against china:

morey ✔️

enes ✔️

lebron x

harden x

tillman x

kerr (undecided)

bennett (unreachable)
lebron is so afraid of saying the *wrong* thing that he refuses to just say what his values are and let the chips fall where they may. the very same behavior he has criticized so many for when it was an issue that mattered to him.

nobody needs a politician here lebron, they need you as a role model to just say what you believe whether its the perfect thing to say or not, because that is what is important.

nobody learns anything from hiding. you say what you believe in, and ask honest questions about what you dont know about, and everyone has a chance to grow and learn.

hiding to try and protect your brand is the exact thing that will devalue it and make you look like a cheap phony. it weakens your stance on *everything*, even the things you do know a lot about and want to champion. it's just a weak move to not say what you think. accept the possibility that you can be wrong or ill-prepared or less informed, because that is the only way you can grow. nobody says the right thing every time, but i can guarantee you that trying to say nothing is almost always the wrong move. you rob others of a chance to hear a powerful opinion, or on the other hand rob yourself of a chance to learn and be humbled.

some things are bigger than basketball, and even bigger than a single important event. some things set a precedent for how a platform is used for *all* events going forward. dont set the example that you hide from things and only support causes for things that you can see yourself in, because that is not how any type of unity spreads. expand your horizons, and stand up for your values. especially when it is difficult and you aren't so positively sure that you're right. that is when it is most important to discuss things.
america is shocked that their star athletes don't want to "stand up" against the cpc. there are two things happening here that don't get talked about.

first: not all americans understand exactly why mainland china is behaving this way. they don't understand that history, the people, the economics and the unlimited will that mainland china has. i'm not agreeing with mainland china, but many americans don't get them. i don't understand either. what americans do understand is that they are witnessing their own citizens not speaking out and that is a shock.

second: americans are maybe subconsciously taking this out on nba stars when in fact what is at stake here is americas thought leadership in the world. when was the last time another country was upset at something america did and who in america actually cared. there is a comfort in being on top and being unchallenged. now there are hints that power is shifting. now america has to actually watch what they do because they will have consequences that they will not be able to overcome so easily with economic and military might.

freedom of speech and expression should win out. what we are seeing with the nba is a hyper focus on what is going to become more and more external influence on american view of the world and its hard to say what will happen.
people are really missing the larger point here. this is bigger than lebron and the nba and every other company that has capitulated to china. 

china is an independent country and can conduct their affairs the way they want. but they are now using their influence through the proxy of big business to tell american citizens in america what they can or cannot say. 

this is immoral, and unacceptable. no government has the right to tell a us citizen what they can or cannot say, least of all china. 

fuck lebron. fuck the nba. fuck anyone who sells out humanity for a dollar.
think how many chinese youth lebron could’ve influenced had he spoken against china? this is the missed opportunity of a lifetime.
say what you want about kaepernick but at least he took a stand for something he believed in even if it cost him his nfl career. lebron won't comment on anything that hurts his bottom line, even if it means compromising his values.
bomani jones had the best take of everyone. he was like "yo! why are you mad at lebron? he didnt do anything wrong. beyond being two faced, and do you want to know the only person in the media who called him two faced before, me! remember when lebron wore those eric garner i cant breathe shirt? well, during that time another black teen was murdered in cleveland. he was shot while playing with a toy gun in a park but lebron said nothing. because it wasnt easy to say. kerr and lebron and all these semi left wing people are not taking risks criticzing trump. it may seem like it but the dude has a 57 percent disapproval rating right now. that's a common opinion. lebron will never say something inflammatory. he's just not that cat" i paraphrased the fuck out of that but yeah.
imagine accusing lebron of taking a stand when there is “low to no cost”, while he’s black, grew up poor, and is deeply critical of the racist society of our country. this hong kong stuff has given y’all brain worms. 

ain’t no one on here mentioning the protest in haiti or iraq. where all the moral saber rattling for their struggles? oh damn, that’s right, the western powers ain’t running propaganda on overload for them because their protest are rooted in the poor and working class. not like this neoliberal hong kong bullshit
max has the real american values that i wish all sports commentators had. he has got some big balls to go along with those values too.
if american athletes, companies, organizations do not pay a price equal to or greater in the us and the west for bowing to china than they would have paid by not bowing to china, they will continue to do this.  

if we're all just whores who'll do anyone for $ or yuan, then how is liberty gonna last?
imagine you have two groups of friends/acquaintances. east friends and west friends.

your east friends do some shady shit. cheat on their wives, may low key be abusers, deal drugs, hurt people, etc.. but at the end of the day, they have your back so you don’t say anything about it. you act like you don’t know.

one day, a west homie gets on twitter and calls out one of your east friends for beating his wife.

most people in this situation would throw their hands up and say “whoa none of my business, east homie. that’s between y’all”

some people would say “you know what east homie, he’s right. you can’t be laying hands on your wife like that. let’s get you some help”

but this dude...this dude here....says “west homie! you don’t know the situation! you don’t know the facts! you can have an opinion, but you can’t just call people out like that. stay out of married folks business! ...but errr i don’t know the facts either, so i think the other west homies should intervene. this ain’t my fight!”

how you gonna put yourself in the middle of this shit and then act like someone else is responsible for handling it? either speak up or don’t. you can’t do both. you just look like a fucking dumbass.

it’s the same shit the nba initially tried to do before they realized they were screwed. lebron saw that and took it up 10 notches. 

i don’t think nike, the nba, or any of his sponsors in the us told told him to do this. it’s a lose-lose pr situation. the only way he says this is if china demanded a response or its truly his own idiotic take on the situation.
it was interesting when trump called out steve kerr for not standing up to china when steve kerr has zero fear blasting trump.

it was a good point but trump didn't bother to follow it up with a diss of china. trump didn't say the thing he was bashing kerr for being afraid to say.

point is: i'm not seeing max kellerman follow this up by putting out how awful china is...
max kellerman being agreeable goes against all my instincts but here i am.  fully agree with what he's said here and i think the majority opinion is exactly that: lebron fucked up, accidentally or not is up for debate, but fucked up undoubtedly.  i'm shocked  because lebron has been so forward-thinking and progressive everywhere else off-court, and then he does this.

this saga also shows how big money's weight is, even on superstar celebrities with loads already in the bank, just goes to show how  that can influence anyone no matter what their priorities or beliefs are.
he should be a persona non grata to americans, westerners and all others who share the same mentality
its not just that lebron didnt take a stand, its that he went out of hsi way to criticize the person who did take a stand.   if he had stayed neutral like kerr i think most reasonable people wouldnt have really had an issue with him, although it would still be disappointing.
kellerman went to columbia, he knows history. china is diametrically opposed to the west on almost every cultural issue under the sun. they are a communist country masquerading around as a twenty-first century democracy. ask the people in taiwan how they feel about china. we know how hong kong feels. 

lebron james stands for nothing. he is a puppet on the strings of american social-justice tweet culture who earns hundreds of millions of dollars for playing basketball. this is a joke. he is a joke. every one in the united states of america should publicly support our brothers and sisters in hong kong.
i wonder how much brand value lebron has destroyed through his comment...
damn chinese gonna stop makin my shoes dirt cheap if i talk shit, better take their side and chime in on an issue i've got no clue about
it literally blows my mind how chicken shit scared the nba is of china. there was no organic groundswell occurring from this one tweet. they picked this tweet to set an example and set a line and the nba didn’t miss a beat in bowing to them. and then china smelled weakness and doubled down and completely dicked the nba. 

china doesn’t want to fuck with us either, but when you submit to bullying like this you make it easier to get bullied. it’s fucking insane. 

china has backed down a lot historically when we hold firm to our values, but here we are
max is awesome.  he seems to have good insight into history and sports.
well if it isn't american sports medias favourite thing to do.. build someone up so they can televise them tearing them down. 

if you're gonna place any kind of expectations or faith in another person or try to see them as role models then u r a fkn idiot. do yourself a favor start being the person you wanna be for you. 

no one owes you shit.
well put max. it’s a sellout lol coming from the nba moral judges, lebron, kerr and popovich. i’ve cancelled my cable and no one in my family will be spending any money on any nba merchandise sneakers.......none of it. they can move the whole fake league to china for all i care.
not a fan of lebron but i am gonna stick up for lebron on this one.

he's  right, if a player started this whole mess, the league would've  fined/punished/suspended him.  but since it's an owner all of the  sudden, it's ok if everyone else gets affected by the whole debacle.   kuz already lost a 1 million dollar endorsement cause of this deal,  there's many others that are unreported and have yet to come to surface.   the players end up being punished for something they didn't even  start.  and now, everyone in the media is asking them over and over to  take a side as if they are even well versed in what's going on.

i  can't believe people honestly believe as if lebron has any influence  over the ccp.  the president, donald trump can't do jack against the  ccp, he's fighting a losing battle with his trade wars.  and you expect  lebron will be able to do anything?

so why stop there?  why not boycott all the sponsors of the nba?  gatorade, mountain dew, tissot and many others.  
how  about going further?  boycott all companies that deal with china.  stop  buying apple products, shopping at walmart, target, home depot, amazon,  the list goes on.  
let's take it another step.  stop going to all  internet sites that deal with china.  google, youtube, facebook,  twitter, instagram, hell stop even posting on reddit if you care so much  cause they have business ties with china as well.

if you work at a corporation, there's a great chance it deals with china, why don't you quit your job in protest then?

if  you work at any job, there's products they have being used that are  made in china, why don't you protest against your job then?

you  expect lebron to make a stand, but at the same time you aren't gonna do  jack against trillion dollar tech companies like amazon, facebook,  google, microsoft that actualy captitulate to china on a regular basis.   hell, google is even making a censored search engine specificially for  the chinese government and nobody seems to give a damn about that  anymore.

i'm gonna leave a link to  this article which should provide some mainstream even-keel rationale  to all the outrage cuture on social media:

[https://morningconsult.com/2019/10/15/amid-nba-china-clash-us-consumers-indifferent-toward-global-business-dealings/](https://morningconsult.com/2019/10/15/amid-nba-china-clash-us-consumers-indifferent-toward-global-business-dealings/)

basically, most americans prefer corporations to not get involved in political and cultural issues in other countries.  
most americans also support american companies doing business in china.

don't let the outrage mob cloud your judgement, they are the minority.
