Erik Spoelstra: someone get this kid on the coaches bench, i’ve heard enough to know we’ve got a spoelstra-esque strategist in the stands.
Doc Rivers: you give doc less tools to work with and he performs better.
Rick Carlisle: if rick carlisle was still alive he would be furious 
Doc Rivers: god, i still fully expect the pacers to pull away with a signature run at some point in the 3rd, but if the bucks somehow steal this one, it would be the most doc thing ever.
Doc Rivers: ok doc might actually have an excuse this year jesus christ
Doc Rivers: undermanned doc rivers is the best coach of all time...
Doc Rivers: doc rivers new formula for the future is just beat your best players with a hammer and lull the opponent into a false sense of security
Doc Rivers: tbh i’m more excited to watch this game now, was expecting to lose without giannis and dame but now at least doc has to play the young guys
Doc Rivers: no talent doc doing voodoo and shit to keep the wisconsin herd in this game lol
Doc Rivers: with both giannis and dame out, i have my money on the bucks since doc is the coach
Rick Carlisle: smart call for carlisle to push hali and turner away from the refs telling hali to stop complaining. the refs clearly are happy to throw out techs tonight, no need to get on their bad side with so much game to go.
Doc Rivers: the bucks are going to have to start the equipment manager that doc threw under the bus at this rate
Jason Kidd: who the fuck voted for jason kidd for coty lmfao
Doc Rivers: doc rivers, everyone.
Doc Rivers: doc rivers without half his rotation is the greatest coach of all time
Doc Rivers: it´s a disgrace this is happening because of injuries, and i actually like the wide majority of the bucks roster... though it´s always cool to shit on doc rivers losing as a coach 👍
Doc Rivers: maybe doc should have used some of these guys earlier.
Doc Rivers: why is doc always yelling at ajax 😂
Doc Rivers: maybe the plan has always been to get doc and then make the roster worse so he could coach them up
Adrian Griffin: the blake griffin
Doc Rivers: exasperated doc face never gets old
Doc Rivers: damn doc can barely walk
Doc Rivers: bucks are gonna run it back with doc next year aren't they
Doc Rivers: is doc about to cook with an undermanned team again lmao?
Doc Rivers: lol doc doesn’t even care
Doc Rivers: the worse players doc has the better he is
Doc Rivers: rick carlisle vs doc porn hub rivers
Rick Carlisle: rick carlisle vs doc porn hub rivers
Doc Rivers:  doc might actually be top fifteen all time if he clutches this somehow lmao
Doc Rivers: giannis and dame getting hurt is a gift from the basketball gods for doc rivers. now he has the perfect excuse
Doc Rivers: this isn’t his fault but fire doc rivers
Doc Rivers: bucks really went down when doc had ajax out for too long just saying
Rick Carlisle: carlisle using this game to get hali's groove back, siakam is being played so much more passively
Doc Rivers: ultimate doc redemption, comeback from ,3-1
Doc Rivers: myles is killing you doc do something
Doc Rivers: i clowned the hire but i think doc has coached well this series.
Gregg Popovich: lopez looks like he's gonna pop a gasket
Doc Rivers: doc rivers is the most reliable coach in the league you know how his teams going to finish year in year out
Doc Rivers: doc rivers asked for mercy. myles turner granted him none!
Doc Rivers: i just think the indiana concession stand employees are more locked in and that’s why doc likely loses this game
Doc Rivers: yall are so obsessed with doc rivers it blows my mind.
Doc Rivers: that doc rivers angry walk is hilarious for some reason
Doc Rivers: middleton, lopez hell even pat bev could also be injured and we’d still be trolling doc rivers for losing again. he has no escape.
Erik Spoelstra: how the fuck has spo never won one
Erik Spoelstra: doc boutta pull a spo and shock the world
Doc Rivers: refs saved doc from making a 0-0 challenge
Doc Rivers: undermanned doc team.  fell for the trap card
Doc Rivers: the milwaukee bucks on paper have all the reasons to lose, but it all stems from them hiring glen rivers
Doc Rivers: then again it is an undermanned doc team
Doc Rivers: “we gotta play hoosiers basketball” - doc rivers
Doc Rivers: why doesn’t doc use his secret weapon in thanasis? he can’t be any worse then some of these other guys
Doc Rivers: dame and giannis getting injured ended the doc rivers hate
Doc Rivers: yk if doc wins this game this going to be his 2008 celtics part two
Doc Rivers: i think brook gets cooked in this drop coverage in the 3rd and doc has to go back to a zone.
Rick Carlisle: rick carlisle may have not gotten enough sleep. seems like the only game plan he could think of is “shoot threes”.
Doc Rivers: i just wanna see doc cry, please
Rick Carlisle: man, i forgot how good carlisle is
Doc Rivers: [angry doc waddle intensifies]
Doc Rivers: can doc break the curse?
Doc Rivers: the bucks will win this game. doc loves overperforning with bench guys
Doc Rivers: gallinari had no prop bets tonight he was so buried on the bench. doc dug up his corpse and it has 6 pts tonight. 
Doc Rivers: the refs are just trying to help khris. they refuse to let doc kill him
Doc Rivers: so coach bud won the bucks a title and got the number one seed last year. only to replace him with adrian griffin and then fire him when he was doing well and hire doc rivers who has a losing record in games he’s coached. now they’re on the cusp of going down 3-1 in the first round.
Adrian Griffin: so coach bud won the bucks a title and got the number one seed last year. only to replace him with adrian griffin and then fire him when he was doing well and hire doc rivers who has a losing record in games he’s coached. now they’re on the cusp of going down 3-1 in the first round.
Mike Budenholzer: so coach bud won the bucks a title and got the number one seed last year. only to replace him with adrian griffin and then fire him when he was doing well and hire doc rivers who has a losing record in games he’s coached. now they’re on the cusp of going down 3-1 in the first round.
Doc Rivers: pat bev and crowder is a deadly combo, doc cooking
Adrian Griffin: mike budenholzer and adrian griffin.
Mike Budenholzer: mike budenholzer and adrian griffin.
Adrian Griffin: both these guys will be a great pick up (correction) bud for a team with a star and adrian for a young team.
Mike Budenholzer: both these guys will be a great pick up (correction) bud for a team with a star and adrian for a young team.
Doc Rivers: no answers for lopez. if i was doc i would just run lopez low posts over and over until it stops working.
Erik Spoelstra: another year another erik spoelstra snub
Jason Kidd: jason kidd. michael malone. what
Michael Malone: jason kidd. michael malone. what
Doc Rivers: how does this impact doc river’s legacy?
Doc Rivers: don't worry bucks fans, doc will come up with a plan
Doc Rivers: fucking up doc game plan prolly helps the bucks really
Doc Rivers: who do i root for if i like the bucks but also want further evidence that doc is overrated
Doc Rivers: underdog doc rivers is just next level when it comes to coaching
Doc Rivers: give doc a bunch of scrappy players and no expectations and he’s coach of the year.
Rick Carlisle: wow even carlisle had to tell him to calm down lmao
Doc Rivers: did doc already use up his "criticize the training staff" card?
Doc Rivers: even doc is shook
Rick Carlisle: a rick carlisle team being this ass defensively needs to be studied
Rick Carlisle: rick carlisle runs a good offense
Rick Carlisle: if carlisle had another ring he'd get the reputation he deserves
Adrian Griffin: what could've been if they just kept adrian griffin
Doc Rivers: doc rivers isnt going to be liked by bucks fans
Doc Rivers: doc rivers knows so much about blowing 3-1 leads maybe that will help his team overcome one.
Erik Spoelstra: doc turns into spo when he doesn’t have any stars. if i’m the wizards i know who i’m hiring.
Doc Rivers: honestly one of the only playoff series where doc can’t be blamed for losing
Doc Rivers: i feel sorry for doc rivers. like genuinely.
J.B. Bickerstaff: who the fuck voted for bickerstaff?
Doc Rivers: i want milwaukee to lose the series so rdcworld1 drops a banger on doc rivers again.
Doc Rivers: doc rivers and his shiny noggin need to go back to tv
Rick Carlisle: mcdermott has no reason to be on the floor rn. carlisle runs the rotation too deep sometimes
Doc Rivers: would have been easier to see if middleton was in the restricted area or not if doc rivers didn’t take up half of my screen when the play happened
Doc Rivers: guess we are going to find out tonight if glenn rivers can coach or not..
Doc Rivers: and doc can’t take him out because there’s no one else to give his minutes to
Doc Rivers: how many years is doc rivers signed for?
Rick Carlisle: hey this is a sorta cool thing rick carlisle and the pacers
Doc Rivers: i know doc rivers gets a lot of well deserved crap, but if there's something he's proven time and time again is that he's great at doing a lot with a little. the guy is a personified choke but when the expectations are low his teams rise.
Rick Carlisle: trucker ted cruz sitting behind carlisle
Adrian Griffin: blake griffin type throw in dunk
Doc Rivers: i feel like doc would be a good college coach
Rick Carlisle: bruh carlisle help haliburton up lol. just walked by him
Doc Rivers: the bucks have the opportunity to do the funniest thing with doc next week
Rick Carlisle: looking like rick carlisle, jalen brunson and kristaps will be making second round of playoffs…
Doc Rivers: damn. as much as i enjoy watching doc lose, i already know he’ll get a pass on this one lol.
Doc Rivers: you think doc will be back?
Doc Rivers: doc rivers, you are now a guangdong tiger!
Doc Rivers: i'm not convinced by the pacers even with the bucks being undermanned.  if doc is ever going to reverse the narrative and come back from being down 3-1, this is the series where it could actually happen.
Doc Rivers: ar this point, doc might have to lace em up
Mike Budenholzer: if we have winners and losers for the season, bud has top be very up top as a winner after this clusterfuck season in the bucks. he kind of secured a good job
Mike Budenholzer: milwaukee did coach bud dirty
Monty Williams: indiana looking so good this year is why people need to stop calling monty the worst coach of all time and give him time
Rick Carlisle: when carlisle took over the pacers were trash, but they worked with him to bring in the kind of players he wanted and let him build the kind of team he wants
Doc Rivers: bucks fan you will be ok you got doc rivers still
Doc Rivers: doc rivers about to lose with another championship caliber team lmao
Doc Rivers: bucks are stuck with doc and this aging roster for a couple more seasons. things aren't going to get better.
Rick Carlisle: carlisle’s rotations make no sense
Doc Rivers: the downfall of doc rivers’ teams truly need to be studied
Doc Rivers: i know bucks are undermanned but it’s still hilarious seeing doc rivers standing over there. how did they think that was the answer? can i interest you in monty williams next?
Monty Williams: i know bucks are undermanned but it’s still hilarious seeing doc rivers standing over there. how did they think that was the answer? can i interest you in monty williams next?
Doc Rivers: after 2 decades of horrific luck including two all nba players suffering career altering injuries and then forcing their way out, the pacers are finally in the drivers seat of a playoff series… and people hate it? mad because haliburton smiles? this shit is mental illness lmfao.
Doc Rivers: at least doc finally learned to play ajax
Rick Carlisle: carlisle tripping playing mcdermott
Doc Rivers: doc rivers has the fakest hair ever
Doc Rivers: poor doc rivers. i seriously feel for this dude.
Doc Rivers: galaxy brain move by doc here. he can't choke a lead in the series if his team is not leading
Doc Rivers: will doc be back next year?
Doc Rivers: i think the bucks were gonna collapse anyways, so the injuries have led to doc somehow being saved once again going into next year.
Doc Rivers: every injury just makes it even more likely doc rivers returns next season
Rick Carlisle: carlisle not having won a playoff series since 2011 and escaping much of any online criticism is remarkable
Doc Rivers: ok so doc plays marjon and he scores the second his hand touches the ball. why has he been dnp’d all this time?
Gregg Popovich: congrats tyrese you hit a 3 against the hospital bucks pop off
Doc Rivers: beyond obviously not getting to watch good players and good basketball, the worst part of the giannis and dame injuries is we were robbed of seeing if doc would choke again
Adrian Griffin: adrian griffin must sipping champagne somewhere seeing this.
Doc Rivers: bucks fans are annoying af please stop crying, admit it doc and dame won’t work, accept this no more championship and sleep tight
Doc Rivers: brain dead folks on here still gonna be yapping about doc rivers still
